

I just wanted to jot down a quick note on scheduling. Todoist, GTD, and schedules are great tools, however I often find myself unable to keep up with the schedules I set for myself. This isn't so much because of an ability to actually do the work as it is an unwillingness to do it. Following exact plans for how to divy up my time each day is just so unappealing. I find that I'm able to accomplish a lot more when I let myself indulge in exploration and productive play. 

Currently, I have 9 hours of recurring tasks that I'd like to work on each day. Between the multiple jobs, research positons, and classes I'm involved in, my planned task list looks like this:

- (3 h) Job/Research A
- (2 h) Job/Research B
- (1 h) Course 0 & Course 1
- (2 h) Course 2
- (0.5 h) Anki
- (0.5 h) Writing

This schedule seems reasonable when you consider that it's basically a full-time job. It's *meant* to reflect minimum requirements for me to be able keep up with everything. I committed myself to $\approx$ 60 hours of productive time, meaning I start to miss sleep if I'm not dilligent about putting in the time. 

I often fail to reach these benchmarks. On some days, the balance is different. I'll spend 6 hours on Course 0 and no time on my research. Sometimes, I'll do 12+ hours of research in one area and then go to dinner or watch Netflix with my girlfriend. And when I review my task list, I see that I'm failing to reach many of my goals. Guilt builds up from constantly missing days, then one missed day turns into a few missed days, and the whole system ends up holding no significance. 

I know myself and I'm surprised I didn't think of this solution sooner. 

Revised task list:

- (1 h) Job/Research A
- (1 h) Job/Research B
- (1 h) Course 0 & Course 1
- (1 h) Course 2
- (0.5 h) Anki
- (0.5 h) Writing
- (4 h) Flex

All I have to do is lower my minimum daily requirements. Consistency gives more value per unit time than binge-purge cycles. A good way to curb procrastination is to give a small, consistent effort each day. Embrace and enjoy the low-hanging fruit. 

I used to plan out my saxophone practice this way. "Flex" time is a catch-all task that accounts for both urgency and my short-term preferences. If something unexpected comes up and I need to spend a lot more time getting a deployment ready for work, it spills into flex. If I'm reaching a flow state while learning about an engaging topic, I can go down that rabbit hole too. The cool thing about flex is that it's optional. If I want to spend all day watching anime, at the beach, or reading.

And if I feel like completing  