Free writing. Cynthia reminded me how useful ofa tool it is. Don't worry, don't judge, don't think. Just write. Tere's a beauty to it ,,, like improvisations of a jazz musician

I looked over the short-term goals set out in my daily mantra and can't believe how well certain things are panning out. People trust me and depend on me to deliver results. Most people would feel pressure from all of this. I'm finding it comforting. Being the man. I'm *that guy*, the one looked to when its showtime, when money is on the line. 

I'm still in disbelief that IBM is taking a chance on me. This is a big win and it's not at all time to fall back on prior successes. Not time to chill or gloat. The universe has placed an opportunity in front of me. Failure is not an option. I will not squander this opportunity. Regardless of how many people IBM is bringing in, I will be the one to be selected for full-time.  

Thinking on paper... I listened to too much rap today. My mind keeps rhyming words unnecessarily. 

There's too much riding on this now. I have more reason than ever to transform, to push myself to sacrifice who I am in order to become the person I want to be. 

I need to become an even more efficient programmer. My fundamentals still need work. 

LaTeX is cumbersome and slow. Consider using markdown instead. 

Why are you writing this right now? It helps to think on paper sometiems. It feels like there's too much going on in my head, like there are too many thoughts and notes and ideas shooting off in different directions. I can't communicate fast enough to capture everything that pours out. Writing seems to empty my brain when it's overflowing. 

The empty mind feels so good, and yet it's something I can almost never get. My mind always has a concept, an image, a sound, a beat, a feeling, a melody, a worry. 