Doja and I look into each other's eyes a lot each day. Those round, full, loving black eyes gaze at me with nothing but admiration and love. They pierce straight through my tough exterior, my worry, my sadness. Doja looks directly at *me*. And she wags her tail.

I meditate on accident pretty frequently. Sometimes my mind just gets caught up in everything that's going on in life. I don't cry, but.... I feel emotions toward things very deeply without any clear cause. I think part of what makes me have so much love toward animals and other people is that I've lost so many. 

I look at Doja (and other people's dogs in general) and I think back to Hannibal, the original pit bull mix I grew up with. Dogs live such short life spans. Hell, humans live short life spans. Dogs especially. Many of the large breeds barely get a decade to walk the Earth. 

Hannibal was loyal, a protector, full of energy yet also somber, vicious, and loving. I likened that dog to my first real best friend. It's been more than ten years since he passed away and I still feel for him. 

If only we were born in a time where things didn't have to die, where time wasn't the apex predator. That's the one problem I've yet to come up with a solution for. Animals die. People die. Cities, cultures, languages, planets, suns, relationships. They all die. And, I can't do anything about it. Or can I?

The only weapon we have against evil, against grief, and against inevitable end is to love. Be kind and compassionate as much as possible. Love as much as possible. Only then can we live optimally. 

I love Doja just like I love Hannibal (I don't think it does justice to use past tense verbs just because someone died. It makes it sound like my action stopped when they passed away, but it keeps going. You can't stop us!). She and her beautiful eyes will inevitably come to an end just as I will. 